Point of Sale (POS) for Business - Shopify Skip to Content Why Shopify Back Get started fast You could be selling by tomorrow. Switch to Shopify Get more customers. Make more sales. Trusted by enterprise brands No matter your size, complexity, or ambition. Built into every store World's best checkout Proven to convert better. Sidekick Your commerce-obsessed AI assistant. Products Back Build your website Website Builder Themes Domains Customer Accounts Sidekick Sell anywhere Online AI Chats Point of Sale Shop App Social & Marketplaces Global B2B Across Markets Marketing & analytics Advertising & Campaigns Email & Customer Chat Discounts Analytics Test & Launch Run your business Orders & Inventory Shipping Finances & Funding Workflow Automation Get paid Checkout Payments Taxes Customize & extend Shopify Commerce for Agents Build with our agent tools Shopify App Store Largest commerce ecosystem Shopify.dev Dev docs, CLI, and more Non-stop innovation Shopify Editions 150+ updates to Shopify, twice a year. Latest updates Agentic Storefronts Campaign Autopilot Shopify AI Toolkit for devs Pricing Enterprise Log in Start for free Start for free Point of Sale Business Sizes Retail POS Small business POS Multi-store POS Industries Bikes Clothing, shoes, and accessories Furniture and home decor Gift, hobby, and toy Golf Hardware, paint, and supply Ski and snowboarding Sporting goods Wine, liquor, and beer Features Hardware POS Software POS Software POS App iPad POS Android POS Omnichannel selling Payment processing Staff management POS inventory system Customization All features POS Pricing Log in Start for free Get free hardware and more with 1 year of POS Pro — offer worth $2,400. See more POS System The point of sale for every sale From first sale to full scale, today’s best brands run on Shopify’s POS system. Start for free Get in touch Already have a Shopify store? Log in to set up Shopify POS Powering retailers of every size Single store Sell in store with integrated hardware, software, and built-in payments. Multiple stores Streamline operations with unified data, reporting, and inventory management. On the go Use wireless POS software to sell at pop-ups, markets, and more. Everything you need in store, online, and beyond It’s the power to sell in person backed by the power to sell online, all by the world’s best commerce platform. Back office One place to manage your business across all your locations, in person and online. POS system POS hardware and software for smooth selling in store and at events. Online sales The platform to sell everywhere else customers shop: online, on social media, and more. Get an inside look at Shopify Point of Sale Learn why millions of businesses trust Shopify POS to run their retail stores. Watch demo   POS SOFTWARE Connected retail. The way it should be. Sell everywhere Close sales at the counter and keep offline and online orders in sync with Shopify POS. Build loyalty Know your customers in store and online and create personalized shopping experiences that convert. Simplify tasks Streamline daily operations with one back office to manage inventory, orders, customers, and staff. POS Retail HARDWARE Integrated hardware, however you sell Get started quickly Start selling in no time with reliable hardware that’s ready to go out of the box. Sell without interruptions Keep the checkout line moving with 99.9% uptime across the Shopify platform. Customize your setup Choose hardware for your budget and selling scenario—at the counter or on the go. Discover POS hardware SHOPIFY PAYMENTS Tap into 250M+ new customers Turn on Shopify Payments and gain access to 250M+ engaged shoppers in the Shop network. Grow your customer list while powering every sale with a world-class payment processor. How it works POS FEATURES All the features. All in one place. Increase productivity from showroom to back room with everything your team needs to run your business right. Omnichannel selling Use a connected back office to sell in person, online, on social media, and marketplaces. Omnichannel selling   Staff management Set staff permissions to control what employees can access. Staff management   Payment processing Accept popular payment methods at competitive transaction rates. Payment processing   Inventory management Manage inventory across locations and seamlessly integrate your existing IMS and OMS. Customer management Capture customer info seamlessly at checkout and use insights to improve buying experiences. Reporting and analytics Understand your business, from what sells best to when you’re busiest. Explore all features How to get started with Shopify POS Whether you’re starting out or switching platforms, we're here to help. Start for free Try Shopify POS for free—no credit card required. Set up your store Get help every step of the way, from dedicated customer service to POS migration apps. Customize your solution Personalize your POS with apps and create custom solutions with Shopify Partners . Start for free Get in touch Switch and save $2,400* Get free POS hardware, free migration and setup support, and 25% off subscription costs with a POS Pro yearly subscription. Learn more *$10,000 USD of sales in Shopify Payments transactions within 90 days of subscribing to POS Pro Yearly at a single location to qualify for rebate. Free Verifone Victa Mobile for each location ($449 USD value) subject to a $10 activation fee, or local equivalent, per device. Current subscribers of POS Pro are excluded from this offer. See full terms and conditions. Resources for retailers Access free guides, discover retail trends, and learn how brands like you use Shopify POS. What is a mobile POS system? Learn how to check out customers anywhere with a portable POS system. Learn about mobile POS systems   What is point of sale software? Read about point of sale software and how it supports retail businesses. Learn about POS software   How to pick a POS system Find out what to look for when comparing retail POS systems. Learn about picking a POS   Visit the Shopify Retail Blog Frequently asked questions What is a POS (point of sale)? A point of sale, or POS, is a system used to process transactions and accept payments in person. With Shopify POS, retail businesses get all the tools they need to manage daily operations, accept payments anywhere, and build relationships to create customer loyalty. But the benefits of Shopify go beyond your retail store. With a powerful ecommerce solution also included, Shopify unifies in-store and online sales to bridge the gaps between your website, social media, and POS system. This allows you to sync inventory everywhere you sell and offer seamless shopping options for customers like local delivery, ship to customer, in-store pickup, and email carts. What are the benefits of using a POS system? There are many benefits of using a POS system, most notably making it easier to run your retail business. Using a POS system significantly simplifies daily business tasks, from checking out customers to performing inventory counts. When you have a POS system, you're tracking payments, inventory, and customers with every sale—and you don't have to spend time reconciling all that data at the end of the day. The benefits of a POS system start with the transaction, where you can use integrated hardware and software to accept payments from credit cards, debit cards, and digital wallets. When payment is taken, inventory levels are automatically updated behind the scenes and customer data is created and saved. You'll have a more accurate picture of inventory across your business as well as a complete customer list everywhere you sell—with no extra work on your end. Once you have this data, you can use it to improve efficiency and even increase revenue. Accurate inventory data means it's easy to see when it's time to re-order. A good POS system as well will share insights like when something's about to run out of stock or what products need to move and should be put on sale. Customer data is also really useful. When you have accurate customer information you can track their purchases and make notes about their preferences. This means your staff is in a better position to offer good customer service. You can also use that data in digital marketing campaigns like email marketing or social media marketing to find new customers and bring existing customers back. In short, POS systems make it easier to run your business. A good POS system, like Shopify POS, will make the hard parts simple, so you can focus on the parts you love. What are types of POS systems? There are different types of POS systems—the one that's right for you will depend on your business needs. You can build any type of POS system with Shopify POS. Countertop POS systems are best for permanent brick-and-mortar stores. A countertop system includes the software to check out customers and the hardware to take payments, and it can typically be found on sales counters. This enables retailers to create a smooth checkout experience where all the accessories for bagging products are easily accessible. Mobile POS systems are better for businesses selling at events like pop-ups, markets, and trade shows. A mobile POS system allows retailers to process transactions wherever their customer is. These systems typically combine POS software and hardware into a single handheld device. Many brick-and-mortar businesses, however, are also starting to use mobile checkouts in their stores as a way to better serve their customers. Multichannel POS systems allow retailers to sell in store and online and take advantage of omnichannel selling to convert more shoppers. For example, with a multichannel POS system, customers can buy online and pick up their purchase in your store—or they can buy in store and have the purchase shipped to their home. Today's shoppers expect omnichannel shopping so multichannel POS systems are powerful tools. Examples of POS systems can be found in almost every retail store. They are typically made up of a tablet or computer to run POS software, a payment terminal to take credit and debit payments, and a cash drawer to accept cash payments and make change. They may also include accessories such as receipt printers and barcode scanners. How does the Shopify POS system work? A POS system is the hardware and software retailers use to simplify retail operations. The POS system is comprised of hardware, to take payments from cards and digital wallets, and software, to track and organize your retail store's information. Today, most POS software can be downloaded to any smartphone or tablet, though in the past it was typical to see POS software on desktop computers at checkout. Depending on your needs you may also add accessories to your POS system, such as a cash drawer, barcode scanner, and receipt printer. The POS system works together to make running a business easier. It is the system through which retailers can transact with customers; it's also the system that updates inventory levels behind the scenes with every sale. This means retailers have a more accurate view of their business, without having to manually track purchases and reconcile sales at the end of the day. Here's how you can use Shopify's POS system in your store: Scan the items to add them to the customer's cart. The POS calculates the order total, including sales tax. Select Checkout and Shopify's integrated retail POS hardware is instantly ready to take payment. The customer pays using their preferred payment method. Shopify POS accepts all major credit cards, debit cards, and digital wallets. The POS generates a receipt which you can print or email to the customer. The POS captures order and customer data and automatically updates your inventory levels. Which kind of businesses use Shopify Retail POS? Shopify's point of sale is flexible enough to support a variety of businesses at any stage of growth. The retailers that find the most value from Shopify POS are those that sell products both in person and online. Connecting in-store and online sales helps you keep inventory, payments, and customers in sync so you can simplify everyday tasks and offer better shopping experiences. What's the difference between Shopify and Shopify POS? Shopify is a complete platform for running a business. No matter where you sell, in person or online, Shopify is your command center for managing products and orders, accepting payments, and building relationships with customers. Having a unified back office gives you the ability to sell from a retail store, a pop-up, a website, on social media channels, or online marketplaces, while keeping everything connected. This means you can offer flexible shopping options like buy online, pickup in store, or buy in store, ship to customer. Shopify POS connects to that powerful back office for in-person sales, ensuring that inventory, payments, and customer data are fully synced as you make sales from your retail store. Linking in-store and online sales with Shopify helps you simplify inventory tasks, have more control over cash flow, and re-engage in-store visitors with online marketing. The intuitive and mobile POS app also makes it easy to fly through checkout and assist customers anywhere, on the sales floor or on the go. Can a POS system integrate with other business tools? If you have an online shop and a retail store—or want to sell online and in person—you need a POS system that can integrate with other tools. The most important integration for today's retailers is the connection between their POS and ecommerce systems. This connection between sales systems means it's possible to sell across channels, keeping up with customer demands while keeping back office overhead to a minimum. That's because sales system integrations keep sales, product, inventory, and customer data all in one place. The second most important integration for retailers is that between their POS system and other business tools like loyalty programs, customer relationship management software, fulfillment and logistics tools, and accounting software. In terms of integrating your sales system, not all POS systems can do this easily. Some POS systems don't have the ability to integrate at all, while others can only connect in-store and online sales by using APIs, also known as application program interfaces. These are built by third-party developers and require manual installation and maintenance. While this means there is some connection between sales systems, it's not perfect. Drawbacks include slow refresh rates, in which data between the two systems isn't in sync, or missing features, in which the two systems don't have compatible features and can't be connected seamlessly. This can lead to disconnected customer experiences and incomplete data, ultimately making more work for retailers. Conversely, Shopify POS integrates seamlessly with Shopify's ecommerce software, meaning there's no additional work and no data hiccups. In terms of integrating with other business tools, many retailers want to connect their POS system to marketing tools like loyalty programs or customer relationship management software, and operations tools like staff management, fulfillment, or accounting. Since POS providers don't make these tools themselves, retailers need to go to third-party providers to find them. How well these tools will work with your POS system will depend on the system you're using and the third-party provider you choose. Fortunately, Shopify POS comes with a rich app ecosystem, with over one hundred apps, all of which have been specifically made to integrate with the POS system. Not only are these apps easy to find, they're also simple to connect and work seamlessly with the Shopify POS. What are reviews for Shopify POS? POS users find Shopify POS to be the ultimate point of sale system, calling it seamless, futuristic, and easy to use. Reviews for point of sale are overwhelmingly positive, with the majority of users giving it five stars. Customers love that Shopify POS anticipates their needs. Not only is the POS system intuitively designed, it's also constantly improving to respond to retail trends. Shopify POS's modern, minimal design contains a robust feature set that retailers rely on to make everyday tasks easier. That feature set only grows, with 100+ new features added every season. Customers call Shopify POS seamless, referring to the unified connection between in-store and online sales. This creates superior customer experiences where customers can browse in store, buy online; buy online, pick up in store; or buy in store and have the item shipped to their home. This also cuts down on admin chores for retailers since, no matter where they sell, they can manage everything in one place. Finally, customers consider Shopify POS to be easy to use. Customers find it easy to switch to Shopify thanks to the availability of migration apps and expert support. Once they're on Shopify POS, customers love how easy it is to transaction on the platform: all you need to do is download the app to your phone and connect your POS hardware. Customers also find the simple design easy to train retail staff on, which significantly reduces time spent onboarding. Overall, customers rate Shopify POS highly, calling it a "favorite POS". Read the reviews Is Shopify POS available in my country? You can use Shopify POS in nearly every country in the world. However, to get the full benefits of Shopify POS we recommend using Shopify Payments and integrated Shopify POS hardware, both of which are available only in select regions. To learn if Shopify Payments and Shopify POS hardware is available where you are, check out the supported countries and regions on the Shopify Help Center. Sell better with Shopify POS Start for free Get in touch Already have a Shopify store? Log in to set up Shopify POS Shopify What is Shopify? Shopify Editions Careers Investors Newsroom Sustainability Ecosystem Developer Docs Theme Store App Store Partners Affiliates Resources Blog Compare Shopify Guides Free Tools Changelog Support Shopify Help Center Community Forum Hire a Partner Service Status USA | English Choose a region & language Argentina Australia Austria Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile Colombia Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong SAR Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Norway Pakistan Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Türkiye UAE UK Ukraine USA Vietnam Select region English Español (Intl.) 简体中文 العربية Bulgarian বাংলা Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Greek Eesti Euskara Suomi Français Galego ગુજરાતી עברית Hindi Hrvatski Hungarian Indonesian Italiano 日本語 ქართული 한국어 Lithuanian Latviešu मराठी Bahasa Melayu Norge Nederlands Polski Português Romanian Russian Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski (latinica) Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt Select language Confirm USA | English Argentina | Español Australia | English Austria | Deutsch Bangladesh | বাংলা Belarus | Russian Belgium | Nederlands Belgium | German Belgium | Français Brazil | Português Bulgaria | Bulgarian Canada | English Canada | Français Chile | Español Colombia | Español Croatia | Hrvatski Czech Republic | Čeština Denmark | Dansk Egypt | العربية Estonia | Eesti Finland | Suomi France | Français Georgia | ქართული Germany | Deutsch Greece | Greek Hong Kong SAR | 繁體中文 Hong Kong SAR | English Hungary | Hungarian India | Hindi India | English India | বাংলা India | ગુજરાતી India | मराठी India | தமிழ் India | తెలుగు Indonesia | Indonesian Indonesia | English Ireland | English Israel | English Israel | עברית Italy | Italiano Japan | 日本語 Korea | 한국어 Latvia | Latviešu Lithuania | Lithuanian Malaysia | English Malaysia | Bahasa Melayu Mexico | Español Netherlands | Nederlands New Zealand | English Nigeria | English Norway | Norge Norway | English Pakistan | English Pakistan | اردو Peru | Español Philippines | English Poland | Polski Portugal | Português Romania | Romanian Saudi Arabia | العربية Serbia | Srpski (latinica) Singapore | English Slovakia | Slovenčina Slovenia | Slovenščina South Africa | English Spain | Español Spain | Euskara Spain | Català Spain | Galego Sweden | Svenska Switzerland | Deutsch Switzerland | Français Switzerland | Italiano Taiwan | 繁體中文 Thailand | ไทย Türkiye | Türkçe UAE | English UAE | العربية UK | English Ukraine | Українська USA | English USA | Español (Intl.) USA | 简体中文 Vietnam | Tiếng Việt Terms of Service Legal Privacy Policy Sitemap Your Privacy Choices