How Do I Ship My Item Once It's Sold? - Poshmark listings listings people Sell Now Log in / Sign up Women Men Kids Home Pets Electronics Luxury Beauty Plus Petite Trending Brand Posh Live Guide to Poshmark back to list How Do I Ship My Item Once It's Sold? Text--> First of all, congrats on your sale! Text - Link - Text--> step 1 Check for a sale confirmation email. The email will include instructions and your pre-paid, pre-addressed shipping label. Remember, the postage has already been paid for! step 2 This part is important! Make sure you're using the correct packaging. You can use your own box or mailer, but do not use USPS Priority Mail packaging. If you do, a $5 USPS fee will apply. Items containing or packed with lithium batteries have additional shipping requirements. Learn More. Need shipping supplies? Poshmark sellers can request free USPS Ground Advantage packaging. Learn More. step 3 Once you have packaged your sale, it’s time to ship the item to your buyer. If you don’t have access to a printer, bring your package to any USPS location and show them the Shipping QR code to scan. USPS will print the label generated from the QR code and ship the labeled package for you. If you print the label yourself, attach the label to your package and drop it in the mailbox or at the nearest US Post Office. You can also schedule a free USPS package pick-up. You can always change your default label preferences by going to Shipping Label Settings in My Seller Tools Questions? Head over to the Support Center for full details. We and our third-party partners use cookies and other tracking technologies to offer you a better experience, personalized content and ads, enable social media functionality, and to analyze our performance and site traffic. For more information and to understand your choices, visit our Privacy Policy . Ok Real finds, real inspiration, every day United States Canada United States Shop Categories Women Men Kids Home Electronics Pets Handbags Shoes Jewelry & Accessories Makeup Dresses Popular Brands Nike Michael Kors Louis Vuitton lululemon athletica PINK Victoria's Secret Coach Chanel See all brands Support How it works FAQs Sell on Poshmark Live Shopping Gift Cards Accessibility © 2026 Poshmark, Inc. About Our Community Blog Careers Press Privacy Terms Contact Your Opt Out Rights