Restaurant Inventory Management Software | Toast POS Manage your consent preferences When you visit this site, we may store or access information on your browser, mostly through cookies. These help the site function as intended, remember your preferences, and provide a more personalized experience. The information typically does not directly identify you, but it can improve how the site works for you. You can choose which types of cookies to allow. However, blocking certain cookies may affect how the site functions or limit the services we can provide. Sales and sharing Clicking “Opt out of All” below will opt you out of “sales” and “sharing” of data that occur on this site. Your request to opt out of “sale” / “sharing” will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us. If you want to opt-out of other types of “sales” or “sharing” please complete an opt-out privacy request here. Essential On Essential cookies and services enable core website features and provide a seamless user experience. Essential cookies and services are used to facilitate features such as navigation, remember user preferences, and ensure the security of the website. Marketing On Marketing cookies and services support delivering personalized advertisements, promotions, and offers that are relevant to you. They help optimize ad delivery, measure campaign effectiveness, and enable advertisers to reach specific target audiences. Analytics On Analytics cookies and services are for collecting aggregated data and statistical information. This data helps us analyze and optimize site performance, identify popular content, detect navigation issues, and make informed decisions to enhance the user experience. Functional On Functional cookies and services remember your preferences and choices, such as language preferences, font sizes, region selections, and customized layouts. They enable this website to offer enhanced and personalized functionalities. Save Opt out of all Opt in to all Privacy Policy Consent powered by Ethyca Skip to main content Restaurants Featured Restaurant POS A powerful POS system designed for the guest experience. Featured Switch to Toast Outgrown your tech? Toast makes switching easy. Featured New openings We'll handle the tech, so you can focus on what matters most. Service models Quick service Full service Fast casual Restaurant concepts Bar and lounge Cafe and bakery Casual dining Food truck Pizza Fine dining Hotel & Resorts Enterprise Catering and events Sushi Drive Thru Sports & Entertainment Mexican & Latin American Golf & Country Club Capabilities Point of sale Toast IQ assistant Hardware Online ordering Marketing Kitchen display system Payments Integrations Retail Retail POS overview Create a seamless customer experience for your retail needs Inventory Management Log stock, scan invoices, and track your inventory levels. Retail concepts Convenience Bottle shop Grocery Butcher shop Apparel Restaurant and retail hybrid Capabilities Toast IQ assistant Inventory management Online ordering Loyalty Email marketing Catering & events Toast Fuel Handheld POS Products Toast Platform One connected platform to power every part of your business. New Toast IQ The AI Assistant that takes action. New Toast IQ Grow Our core growth tools all in one package. Featured Toast IQ Team Labor management software, AI agent, and human support. All in one package. Operations Suite Point of sale Catering & events Toast Fuel Toast Mobile Order & Pay® Payment processing Toast Now management app Retail inventory management Marketing Suite Advertising Loyalty Email marketing Gift cards Toast Tables™ Guest CRM Toast IQ Team Payroll Scheduling Tips management Toast Pay Card & Toast PayOut Digital Storefront Suite Online ordering Websites Branded mobile app Toast Delivery Services® Grubhub, Uber Eats, DoorDash Toast Local Supplier & Accounting Suite xtraCHEF cost analytics Inventory management Restaurant Management Suite Benchmarking Multilocation management Integrations Commercial-grade hardware All hardware Handheld POS Self-ordering kiosk Kitchen display system Finance Finance overview Capital loans Checking Instant deposit Pricing Resources Featured Toast vs. Square Learn which restaurant POS system is right for you. New Toast Menu Checker Upload your menu. Get expert-level insights in minutes. POS Comparison See how Toast compares to Square, Clover, SpotOn, and more. Blog Tips, guides, and insights to run and grow your business. Customer stories Hear from restaurants of all kinds who found success with Toast. Tools & Templates Resources designed to help you run your business better. Toast Support Get answers when you need them at our always-on support hub. Refer a Business Know a business that'd love Toast? Get rewarded for the referral. Innovation hub Explore new and upcoming Toast solutions. Data by Toast Research and insights powered by Toast businesses. Restaurants Sales Sales : (617) 297-1005 Login Get a Demo Restaurants Retail Products Pricing Resources Featured See how Toast works Front of house, back of house, and online seamlessly connect and work in sync. Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Restaurants Featured Restaurant POS A powerful POS system designed for the guest experience. Featured Switch to Toast Outgrown your tech? Toast makes switching easy. Featured New openings We'll handle the tech, so you can focus on what matters most. Service models Quick service Full service Fast casual Restaurant concepts Bar and lounge Cafe and bakery Casual dining Food truck Pizza Fine dining Hotel & Resorts Enterprise Catering and events Sushi Drive Thru Sports & Entertainment Mexican & Latin American Golf & Country Club Capabilities Online ordering Toast IQ assistant Point of sale Hardware Marketing Kitchen display system Payments Integrations Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Retail Retail POS overview Create a seamless customer experience for your retail needs Inventory Management Log stock, scan invoices, and track your inventory levels. Retail concepts Grocery Convenience Bottle shop Butcher shop Apparel Restaurant and retail hybrid Capabilities Online ordering Toast IQ assistant Inventory management Loyalty Email marketing Catering & events Toast Fuel Handheld POS Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Products Toast Platform One connected platform to power every part of your business. New Toast IQ The AI Assistant that takes action. New Toast IQ Grow Our core growth tools all in one package. Featured Toast IQ Team Labor management software, AI agent, and human support. All in one package. Operations Suite Point of sale Retail inventory management Payment processing Toast Mobile Order & Pay® Toast Now management app Catering & events Toast Fuel Marketing Suite Advertising Email marketing Gift cards Loyalty Toast Tables™ Guest CRM Digital Storefront Suite Online ordering Toast Delivery Services® Grubhub, Uber Eats, DoorDash Toast Local Websites Branded mobile app Commercial-grade hardware All hardware Handheld POS Self-ordering kiosk Kitchen display system Supplier & Accounting Suite xtraCHEF cost analytics Inventory management Management Suite Integrations Benchmarking Multilocation management Toast IQ Team Payroll Scheduling Tips management Toast Pay Card & Toast PayOut Finance Finance overview Capital loans Checking Instant deposit Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Pricing Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Resources Featured Toast vs. Square Learn which restaurant POS system is right for you. New Toast Menu Checker Upload your menu. Get expert-level insights in minutes. POS Comparison See how Toast compares to Square, Clover, SpotOn, and more. Blog Tips, guides, and insights to run and grow your business. Toast Support Get answers when you need them at our always-on support hub. Customer stories Hear from restaurants of all kinds who found success with Toast. Refer a Business Know a business that'd love Toast? Get rewarded for the referral. Innovation hub Explore new and upcoming Toast solutions. Data by Toast Research and insights powered by Toast businesses. Tools & Templates Resources designed to help you run your business better. Search Toast Restaurants Login Get a Demo Call Sales (617) 297-1005 Get a Free Demo Restaurant Inventory Management Software Take stock of what your restaurant needs to succeed xtraCHEF by Toast offers modern inventory management tools to keep your culinary and finance teams on the same page. Get a Free Demo See Pricing Already a Toast customer? Add restaurant inventory management What is xtraCHEF by Toast and who is it for? xtraCHEF by Toast is a restaurant inventory tool that combines invoice automation, recipe costing, vendor management, ordering, product catalogs, and Toast POS sales data. It is built for US restaurant operators, culinary teams, and finance teams that need to track food costs, reduce waste, and understand profitability without spreadsheets or clipboards. Within the Toast suite, it complements Toast POS by turning sales and purchasing data into inventory and cost insights. Schedule a Toast POS demo HOW IT WORKS Control waste, rising costs and manage your profitability with value-based inventory insights Blend invoice automation, recipe costing, and Toast POS sales data into a seamless inventory solution that goes beyond counting cans. Gain financial clarity into your inventory Monitor real-time inventory values with automated ingredient price changes. Transform beginning and ending inventory details into insights for COGS reports. Integrate with Toast POS data to fuel reporting, such as actual vs theoretical (AvT), depleting inventory, and more. Ditch the sheets and clipboards with app-based processes Get counts done quicker on your phone or mobile device by mapping count lists to your unique kitchen setup - with or without connection to wifi. Assign inventory counts to staff members so it never gets skipped or forgotten. Track patterns of missing value to identify waste, shrinkage, and theft. Centralize your vendors, orders, and product catalog Take inventory once , and we’ll create an order guide for you based on what’s on hand and what’s required to maintain par. Schedule recurring orders to ensure you’re maintaining par levels for your most-used products. Send orders directly to your suppliers with our seamless purchasing & order management capabilities. Run your entire restaurant on Toast A single restaurant platform that works better together, helping you save time and take control of costs while delighting your guests and managing your team. Schedule a Free Toast Demo First and Last Name* Email Address* Phone number* Business Name* Primary location zip code* Which best describes you?* I'm interested in buying Toast I'm already a Toast customer I'm a restaurant guest Which best describes you?* Get a Demo Already use Toast at your restaurant? Log in to Toast. By requesting a demo, you agree to receive automated text messages from Toast. We’ll handle your info according to our privacy statement . Menu Checker Upload your menu. Get expert-level insights in minutes. Get Started Customers Sign In System Status Toast Advocates Toast Central Refer a Business Products Restaurant POS Retail POS Software Hardware Integrations Product Lifetime Policy Resources Resource Center Blog POS Comparison Toast Menu Checker Company About Us News Leadership Community Careers Investors Licenses How can we help? Contact us. Sales : (857) 301-6002 Customer Care : (617) 682-0225 Region: United States Choose your country and language : North America United States (English) United States (Spanish) United States (Chinese) United States (Thai) United States (Vietnamese) United States (Korean) This page was last updated on: August 14, 2026 © 2026 Toast, Inc. Privacy Statement California Privacy Statement Your Privacy Choices Terms of Service Merchant Agreement Report IP Report a Vulnerability See if we’re your best bet Get an AI competitor comparison.