SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing | Procure-to-Pay Applications This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our Cookie Statement, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences. Understood Reject All Manage Settings Privacy Statement | Cookie Statement Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content Products Industries Transform and Support Learning Community Partners About Explore SAP Products Industries Transform and Support Learning Community Partners About Explore SAP Contact Us Contact us Ask Joule Contact us Home All products Spend management SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing / All products / Spend management SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing Overview Overview Features Product Tour Pricing Get Started Procure-to-pay applications Help your employees make the best, most compliant buying decisions with an AI-facilitated guided buying experience. Request a demo Try now Hear about the latest AI innovations in Autonomous Spend and connect with peers across every line of business. Watch the replays What is SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing? SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing is a set of procure-to-pay applications that help you drive increased visibility, cost control, and compliance across your procurement processes through better user experience, improved supplier collaboration, and greater spend coverage. Explore a cloud-based, consumer-grade purchasing application for policy-compliant business buying while ensuring supplier collaboration. ·        Guide users to the right purchasing choices using embedded AI capabilities ·        Ensure trading partner collaboration using the world’s largest business network ·        Improve accounts payable compliance through automated invoicing ·        Ensure orchestration through federated processes even when using multiple ERPs Read the solution brief   Key benefits Achieve sustainable savings Realize negotiated savings with every purchase through compliance with contracts, processes, regulations, and supplier strategies. Increase spend coverage Manage spending with category- and persona-specific buying channel configuration, access to rich catalog content, and real-time user guidance on purchasing policies. Improve procurement efficiency Implement touchless collaboration with your trading partners for faster order fulfillments and status updates, invoice processing, discounts optimization, and payment visibility. Key features This solution includes guided buying, catalogs, invoice management, and network-based collaboration for a comprehensive procure-to-pay experience. Enlarge Guided buying capability Smart guidance for purchasers Purchasing policies for compliance AI-generated recommendations Risk-aware guidance Network-based collaboration Self-service portal for suppliers Real-time order and payment processing Touchless transactions Process compliance Catalog content Buyer- and supplier-managed catalogs Contract-compliance enforcement Milestones tracking Spot buy and Marketplace connectivity Mobility Rich mobile experience Requisition monitoring and approval on the go Invoice management Touchless invoice reconciliation Country-specific tax invoicing Automated invoice processing Built-in exception management library ERP and third-party integration Multiple ERP integration Real-time tax, budget, and inventory checks Open APIs framework for process extensibility Integration with third-party data providers See how customers are succeeding with SAP Loading Loading Get the mobile apps now If you’re already using the SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing solution, you can download and start using SAP Ariba mobile apps today. SAP Ariba Procurement mobile app Visit Apple App Store   Get it on Google Play   SAP Ariba Shopping mobile app Watch feature video   Visit Apple App Store   Get it on Google Play   Portfolio recognition and awards SAP Ariba solutions are recognized for their multi-faceted industry leadership based on verified user reviews, ratings, and in-depth customer insights. Read the G2 Report Learn more about TrustRadius awards Technical and security information Discover how our cloud solutions fuel your spend strategy with SAP Business Technology Platform and protect your enterprise with built-in security. Technical Security More Visibility Unlock spend data with solutions that deliver total spend visibility, aid in planning and forecasting, and connect critical data from SAP and third-party sources. Extensibility Customize and extend the value of spend management solutions by eliminating inefficiencies, building new apps, enhancing existing apps, and providing personalized experiences. Learn more and explore our use cases Integration Centralize data, remove silos, and create a connected enterprise with integration solutions from SAP, streaming your source-to-pay process with prebuilt connections. Data security Help protect confidentiality and data integrity. Learn how to secure your intelligent enterprise   Business process security Support compliance with regularity requirements. Explore security products from SAP   Risk and threat mitigation Drive continuous improvement across your operations. Report a security issue   Cloud delivery operations Enable a smooth transformation while meeting security and compliance requirements. Explore our cloud options   See what analysts are saying SAP a Leader again in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Source-to-Pay Suites See why SAP has again been named a Leader in this year’s report, positioned furthest for Completeness of Vision in source-to-pay suites. Read the 2026 report   The Hackett Group’s 2026 Procurement Agenda and Key Issues Study Results What key trends, priorities, changes and resources will have transformational impact on the procurement agenda over the next five years? Find out in this must-read research report. Read the Hackett Group report   Start your free trial of SAP Ariba Buying Now you can sign up to take a hands-on tour of the solution’s guided buying capability with no cost or obligation. Discover how guided buying simplifies procurement Try your hand at two simple scenarios: Basic navigation and simple procurement with auto-approval Simple procurement with approval using the SAP Ariba Mobile app Experience guided buying from placing an order through receipt of goods. Try now Frequently asked questions What is procure to pay (P2P)? Procure to pay is the process that integrates purchasing and accounts payable systems. It’s part of the wider procurement management process and involves four key stages: Selection of goods and services Enforcement of compliance and order Receiving and reconciliation Invoicing and payment Digitalizing your procure-to-pay process with procure-to-pay software can strengthen compliance and control among vendors, contracts, regulations, buyers, and accounts payable. Procure-to-pay solutions help you automate processes so you can buy from preferred suppliers at negotiated prices without manual paperwork. This helps you actively control and improve global spend, reduce manual errors, streamline catalog maintenance, and speed up approval of new suppliers. Is procure to pay the same as accounts payable? Procure to pay is not the same as accounts payable. Procure to pay is the end-to-end process that enables procurement and accounts payable teams to buy and then pay vendors for goods or services. Organizations often use procure-to-pay software to digitalize and automate key procure-to-pay activities while guiding buyers to comply with procurement rules. The invoice management and payment steps of the procure-to-pay process are handled by the accounts payable team. What is SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing? SAP Ariba Buying and Invoicing is a software-as-a-service solution. It provides ease of use, compliance, and flexibility throughout the procure-to-pay process. From small, growing companies to large enterprises, this procure-to-pay software helps organizations streamline catalog maintenance, simplify commerce, and efficiently manage workflows for procure to pay.   Intuitive tools provide users with straightforward ways to search for goods and services. Meanwhile, guided buying functionality, preconfigured approval workflows, budget checks, and contract management capabilities help ensure compliant spend.   The procure-to-pay solution also enables the creation and validation of invoices from buyers, suppliers, and third parties. Based on user-defined business rules, invoices are systematically matched against POs, contracts, and receipts with invalid invoices sent back to suppliers. After validation, the procure-to-pay solution begins exception handling and workflow approval, which includes automatic escalation and delegation to help ensure that invoices are processed quickly and effectively. After final approval, invoices can be directly linked to your integrated payment process. If I need assistance with my cloud trial, what should I do? You can request support by creating a case/service request using the SAP Industries & Experience Self-Services tool.  Visit the tool. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Source-to-Pay Suites, Micky Keck, Kaitlynn Sommers, Lynne Phelan, Magnus Bergfors, Alex Brady, 21 January 2026.   Gartner and Magic Quadrant are a trademark of Gartner, Inc., and/or its affiliates.   Gartner does not endorse any company, vendor, product or service depicted in its publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s business and technology insights organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this publication, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Chat is unavailable United States +1-800-872-1727 Or see our complete list of local country numbers Contact us Quick links Speak Out at SAP SAP Trust Center SAP Store Technology platform Mobile apps Industries Find a partner Trials and demos Find services Trending SAP Connect SAP TechEd AI platform Artificial Intelligence RISE with SAP Midsize business solutions Sustainability Partner ecosystem About SAP Company information Worldwide directory Investor Relations Careers News and press Blogs and resources Events Customer stories Newsletter Site information Privacy Terms of use Legal disclosure Copyright Trademark Cookie statement Cookie preferences Do not share/sell my personal information © 2026 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. Cookie Preferences