Guided Buying - Buying Policies and Approvals | Amazon Business ___ Get started Enter your work email Get started Skip to content Globe English Drop down Up down Down down Language Settings Select another language English Español Translation We'll translate the most important information for your browsing, shopping, and communications. Our translations are provided for your convenience. The English version of  business.amazon.com , including our Conditions of Use, is the definitive version.  Learn more Additional languages More languages are available from other Amazon websites. Learn more Save Changes Drop down Hello, $first_name$ Drop down Your account Your orders Business settings Sign out Sign in Solutions Drop down Solutions Services Overview Menu arrow Spend insights Use pre-built or custom reports to help improve purchase planning Systems integration Integrate external systems to drive efficiencies Spend management Identify and manage unplanned spend over purchase categories Streamlined purchasing Increase selection access and simplify purchasing Payment options Choose from multiple payment methods for seamless purchasing Bulk buying Get instant savings on millions of products at any volume Compliance management Define transparent guardrails to guide purchasing Team management Add users, manage permissions, and create buying groups Responsible purchasing Shop local and diverse sellers, and sustainable-certified products Professional services Accelerate desired business outcomes at scale Delivery services Receive deliveries when and where you need them Replenishment services Simplify replenishment at your worksites with restocking services IT services Make devices ready to use upon delivery. Supplies Drop down Overview Office Products Computer & IT Accessories Maintenance, Repair & Operations Breakroom Cleaning & Janitorial Supplies School Supplies Food Service Salon & Spa Supplies Medical supplies & consumables Delivery Industries Drop down Industries Size Education Travel & hospitality Healthcare Nonprofit Financial services Government Manufacturing & industrials Small & medium-sized business Enterprise Prime Business Drop down Plans & pricing Find the plan designed to help your team achieve its business goals Member exclusives Discover new benefits, features, and partnerships curated just for members Prime Business Rewards Get personalized offers and earn points toward future eligible orders Resources Drop down Blog Research and Insights Learning hub Partners Events Customer stories Menu Create a free account Contact sales Back Drop down Hello, $first_name$ Your account Your orders Business settings Solutions Solutions Services Overview Menu arrow Spend insights Use pre-built or custom reports to help improve purchase planning Systems integration Integrate external systems to drive efficiencies Spend management Identify and manage unplanned spend over purchase categories Streamlined purchasing Increase selection access and simplify purchasing Payment options Choose from multiple payment methods for seamless purchasing Bulk buying Get instant savings on millions of products at any volume Compliance management Define transparent guardrails to guide purchasing Team management Add users, manage permissions, and create buying groups Responsible purchasing Shop local and diverse sellers, and sustainable-certified products Services Professional services Accelerate desired business outcomes at scale Delivery services Receive deliveries when and where you need them Replenishment services Simplify replenishment at your worksites with restocking services IT services Make devices ready to use upon delivery. Supplies Supplies Overview Office Products Computer & IT Accessories Maintenance, Repair & Operations Breakroom Cleaning & Janitorial Supplies School Supplies Food Service Salon & Spa Supplies Medical supplies & consumables Delivery Industries Industries Industries Education Travel & hospitality Healthcare Nonprofit Financial services Government Manufacturing & industrials Size Small & medium-sized business Enterprise Prime Business Prime Business Plans & pricing Find the plan designed to help your team achieve its business goals Member exclusives Discover new benefits, features, and partnerships curated just for members Prime Business Rewards Get personalized offers and earn points toward future eligible orders Resources Resources Blog Research and Insights Learning hub Partners Events Customer stories English Drop down Sign in Drop down Sign out Create a free account Contact sales Search Search Popular Searches Solutions and services Solutions Business supplies Supplies Free shipping Shipping Prime Business Prime Business How-to videos Learn Solutions Compliance management Buying Policies and Approvals Compliance management Buying Policies and Approvals Steer your buyers, drive compliance, and manage purchasing. Contact sales Contact sales Get started Contact sales Get started Overview Types of buying policies Resources Get started FAQs Overview Overview Types of buying policies Resources Get started FAQs Control your organization's purchasing. Maintaining compliance with your organization’s purchasing policies and procedures can be tough, but with Amazon Business' smart business buying features, it doesn’t have to be. Guided Buying's buying policies turn procurement rules into easy-to-follow visual signposts for buyers, while Approvals allows organizations to maintain control over spending without the bottlenecks. Create buying policies Create buying policies with Guided Buying to control how buyers purchase on Amazon Business. Create buying policies Guided Buying These policies steer buyers to the right products and sellers, as well as empower administrators to set the appropriate limits around orders. Build approval workflows Create approval workflows with Approvals to establish checkpoints around orders. Build approval workflows Approvals Administrators can designate one or more approvers to review purchases. Approvers  have 7 days, including weekends, to review and approve orders. Prime Business Medium and Enterprise customers have an extended 14 day approval window. Types of buying policies You can create policies to prefer, restrict, and block specific products or sellers and to configure approval workflows. Guided Buying and Approvals is available to all Amazon Business customers, with additional buying policies available exclusively to Prime Business members. Please review the Prime Business plans to learn more about Prime Business exclusive features. Preferred policies Mark items as “Preferred by your organization” and show them in the “Preferred by your Organization” section of search results. Restricted policies Add messages to certain items to warn buyers or require approvals to purchase. Blocked policies Stop buyers from purchasing specific items and from specific sellers. Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Video is of . ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Resources Video Guided Buying overview Learn how to reduce costs and drive purchasing compliance with Amazon Business buying policies. Watch now Watch now Video Configure spend limits Learn how to configure spending limits within your buying policies and approval workflows. Watch now Watch now Video Approving requests Learn how to approve requests and optimize your workflows. Watch now Watch now Get started Enter your work email Get started Get started with Guided Buying and Approvals Contact sales FAQs Do I need a Prime Business membership to use Guided Buying? Do I need a Prime Business membership to use Guided Buying? No, Guided Buying is available to all Amazon Business customers. We do provide additional policies to Prime Business members. How long do administrators have to approve orders? How long do administrators have to approve orders? When a cart needs approval, prices and item availability stay locked for 7 days, including weekends. Prime Business Medium and Enterprise customers have an extended 14 day approval window. What happens when a buyer tries to purchase a restricted or blocked item? What happens when a buyer tries to purchase a restricted or blocked item? Restriction policies add a note for buyers that alert them of the restriction, but does not stop them from buying the product. Administrators can add an approval workflow if they’d like to review these purchases before. Blocked policies add a message to buyers alerting them that the product is blocked and they are not able to purchase it. How do buying policies help organizations achieve their responsible purchasing goals? How do buying policies help organizations achieve their responsible purchasing goals? Organizations can use Guided Buying to steer buyers to meet their responsible purchasing goals. Administrators can create policies that prefer local sellers, small and diverse sellers, and/or products with sustainability certifications. Learn more Can I display personalized messages to buyers explaining policies? Can I display personalized messages to buyers explaining policies? Yes, admins have the option to add in a custom message to buyers during the policy creation process. These messages show up on any individual product detail pages that fall under that policy. Still not seeing what you need? Go to Help Center Get to know us About Amazon Business Customer stories Partners Careers Stay up to date Blog Research and Insights Release notes Press releases Let us help you Contact sales Help and customer service Sitemap Buy for your business Create a free account Sign in to your account Amazon Business mobile app Scan the QR code to download the new Amazon Business app Globe English Drop down Up down Down down Language Settings Select another language English Español Translation We'll translate the most important information for your browsing, shopping, and communications. Our translations are provided for your convenience. The English version of  business.amazon.com , including our Conditions of Use, is the definitive version.  Learn more Additional languages More languages are available from other Amazon websites. Learn more Save Changes United States up arrow down arrow Change Country United States India United Kingdom France Germany Spain Italy Canada Japan Mexico Australia English --> India --> Privacy Notice Your Ads Privacy Choices ©2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Language Settings Modal Close English Drop down Language Settings Select another language English Español Translation We'll translate the most important information for your browsing, shopping, and communications. Our translations are provided for your convenience. The English version of  business.amazon.com , including our Conditions of Use, is the definitive version.  Learn more Additional languages More languages are available from other Amazon websites. Save Changes Learn more Save Changes